What animal has the highest blood pressure?
What is the building block of matter?
C is an abbreviation of which chemical component?
Which of these is a theory about the creation of the universe?
Speleologists study _____.  
What's the only liquid metal?
What is the speed of sound?
Which part of the eye responds to light?
How old can a camel be?
What does vexillology study?
How many chromosomes does the average human have?
Which vitamin is necessary to absorb calcium?
Which is the range of the pH scale?
What's the biggest mammal?
Who made the Pea plant experiment?
The dog, wold, coyote, and fox are members of what family?
How many stomachs do cows have?
What is the chemical sign for aluminum?
How many seconds are one hour?
What planet is the hottest in our solar system?
What planet is famous for its beautiful rings?
What organelle is known as the powerhouse of the cell?
What molecule carries genetic information in most living organisms?
What is the pH of a neutral solution?
What is the atomic number of carbon?
What force pulls objects toward the center of the Earth?
What is the SI unit of power?
Who developed the theory of general relativity?
What is the SI unit of electric current?
What is the term for the amount of energy required to remove an electron from an atom or ion?
What is the tallest type of grass?
The rarest blood type is ___. 
The Sun is a star.
The Earth is the only planet in our solar system with liquid water.
Sound travels faster than light.
What is the outermost layer of the Earth called?
What percentage of human body is made up of water?
Who is credited with inventing the telephone?
What is the boiling point of water?
What is the freezing point of water?
Who was the first person to set foot on the moon?
What gas do plants absorb from the atmosphere?
What planet is known as the Red Planet?
What is H2O more commently known as?
What does a thermometer measure?
What is the process by which plants make their own food?
Which part of the human body produces insulin?
What do bees collect from flowers?
Humans have more than one heart.
What is the main gas in the Earth's atmostphere?
Which gas is responsible for making balloons float?
What type of energy is stored in food?
Which element is essential for bones and teeth?
Which of the following particles has no electric charge?
Which famous equation describes the relationship between mass and energy?
Which element has the highest melting point?
What type of star is the Sun?
Which scientist is known for their work on radioactivity?
What is the largest organ in the human body?
Which of the following is NOT an actual scientific unit?
Which is the only planet that spins backward?
What do you call the bending of light as it passes from one medium to another?
Which type of electromagnetic wave has the highest energy?
What color does copper turn when it oxidizes?
What is the largest moon in our solar system?
What is the name of the galaxy that contains our solar system?
What was the first human-made object to reach space?
What do you call a scientist who studies earthquakes?
Which of the following waves is NOT part of the electromagnetic spectrum?
What color of light has the shortest wavelength?
What type of blood vessel carries blood back to the heart?
Which animal has the largest brain relative to its body size?
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
What is the name of the process in which a ilquid turns into a gas?
What is the name of the process in which a liquid turns into a solid?
What is the name of the process in which a gas turns into a solid?
Which ocean is the largest?
What is the deepest place in the ocean?
Which metal is liquid at room temperature?
What is the only letter that does NOT appear in the periodic table?
Which acid is found in lemons?
What type of energy is stored in a stretched rubber band?
Which subatomic particle has a negative charge?
What simple machine is a wheel with a rope around it?
Which law states that the total energy of an isolated system remain constant?
What do we call the force that resists motion between two surfaces in contact?
What planet do we live on?
What is the color of sky on a clear day?
Which part of your body lets you smell?
What shape is the Earth?
What do we call frozen water?
What do fish use to breathe underwater?
What do birds use to fly?
How many legs does a spider have?
What do we call young frogs?
Which part of the human body has the most bones?
Which part of the Earth's structure is the hottest?
What is the study of sound called?
What common material is made from sand?
Which of the following animals can survive in space without a spacesuit?
What is the name of Tintin's dog? From "The Adventures of Tintin".
Which island does King Kong discover?
What is the name of Shrek's wife?
Who released the song "Despacito"?
What color is the capital G in the Google logo?
How old was Harry Potter when he entered Hogwarts?
What is the minions' favorite fruit?
What language is used to describe ballet steps?
In The Matrix, what colored pill does Neo take?
Who plays drums in The Rolling Stones?
Who was the lead vocalist of the band Cream?
In what film did Daniel Craig make his first appearance as James Bond? 
Who is the main character of "A Beautiful Mind"?
How much time does a sloth need to digest its food?
Who is the lead singer of the band Black Sabbath?
From which university did Natalie Portman earn a degree in psychology?
Whose novel is the sci-fi movie "Dune" based on?
Grunge music and fashion notably took root in what U.S. city?
What year was the first Apple iPhone released in the United States?
Who is the lead singer of the band Måneskin?
What kind of dog is Scooby-Doo?
What year was the Moon landing?
What group of animal is called a murder?
What does a sommelier specialize in?
What type of alcohol is traditionally used in a margarita?
Bambi's best friend is named what?
What country is Peppa Pig from?
What kind of painters were Monet, Renoir, and Degas?
How many wives did King Henry VIII of England have?
Which country produces the most coffee in the world?
What country invented hot dogs?
How many cards are there in a deck of Uno?
What is the official animal of Scotland?
What is the name of the little mermaid in the Disney movie?
What is the name of the toy cowboy in the movie “Toy Story”?
What is the name of Mickey Mouse’s dog?
What is the main color of the Smurfs?
Which K-pop group released the song "Dynamite"?
What is the name of BLACKPINK’s official fandom?
What is TWICE's debut song?
Which company is known for managing artists like BTS and TXT?
Which member of BLACKPINK is from New Zealand?
Which K-pop group released the song "Fantastic Baby"?
Who was the first K-pop group to perform at Coachella?
Who were the first K-pop artists to get a nomination at the Grammys?
Which rookie group released the hit song "Next Level"?
Who interrupts Taylor Swift at the VMAs?
Who played Rose in the move Titanic
When is national Star Wars day?
Which movie stars Jennifer Lawrence?
Fill the movie quote from "Forrest Gump": Life is a box of __?
What is the company name if the TV show "The Office"?
Which movie is not directed by James Cameron?
What subject did Walter White teach in "Breaking Bad"?
How old did Queen Elizabeth II live to be?
Camila Cabello used to be member of this popular girl group?
What is the grandpa's name in The Simpsons?
What is the name of Baby Yoda in "Mandalorian"?
What breed is Garfield?
What breed is Snoopy?
Which country is the cartoon character Doraemon from?
Where is Starbucks founded?
Which anime is about pirates?
Which movie is about time travelling?
What is the state flower of kansas?
Which god is Greek?
Which of following is not done by Michelangelo?
What country is orgin of Cheddar cheese?
Which singer is famous for the album Thriller?
Who is known for the song Rolling in the Deep?
Which Disney princess has a pet tiger named Rajah?
Who plays Iron Man in the Marvel movies?
Which music competition show did Kelly Clarkson win?
Which band sang Bohemian Rhapsody?
Which artist sang Uptown Funk with Mark Ronson?
Which Kardashian is married to Travis Barker?
Which actress played Hermione Granger in Harry Potter?
Which celebrity is known for saying "You can’t handle the truth!"?
Which game includes the phrase “Victory Royale”?
What is SpongeBob’s best friend’s name?
What color are Mickey Mouse’s shorts?
What company made SpongeBob SquarePants?
What country is the brand SONY founded in?
Which of following animal does not hibernate?
Which flies a green, white, and orange (in that order) tricolor flag?
Which city is home to the Brandenburg Gate?
Which of the following languages has the longest alphabet?
What spirit is used in making a Tom Collins?
Which horoscope sign is a fish?
What is the largest US state (by landmass)?
Which of the following languages is NOT driven from Latin?
Arnold Schwarzenegger was married to a member of what famous US political family?
What is a baby kangaroo called?
Which city does "Big Easy" refer to?
Which part of your body contains a bone called the ‘Funny Bone’?
Which animal's fingerprints are almost identical to human fingerprints?
What animal is known for its ability to regenerate lost limbs?
What alcoholic drink is made with juniper berries?
How can you tell the age of a horse?
To which sea does the River Thames flow?